1. What is HAL
HAL is a multi-disciplinary open access archive for the deposit and dissemination of scientific research documents, whether they are published or not.

2. What is segmentation in document image analysis?
In document image analysis, segmentation is the task that identifies the regions of a document.

3. What is RLSA
Run-Length Smoothing Algorithm

4. Name the possible applications of segmentation algorithms.
Segmentation algorithms can be applied in document images, natural images, medical images, 3D meshes.

5. What type of document are surveyed?
Journals, comics, advertisement, magazine covers, 

6. What can musical writings be considered as?
Textual Documents

7. What are the 3 groups, document segmentation algorithms are classified into?
Top-down, bottom-up, and hybrid algorithms.

8. What are the main categories of color depth
there are three main types of color depth: black and white (BW), gray level (GL) and color (C).

9. What are the 3 tyopology of document segmentation algorithms?
Algorithm constrained
Parameter constrained
Potentially  unconstrained

10. How the algorithms were classified.
Based on their core technique.

11. What are the Algorithm constrained document segmentation algorithms?
The algorithms that make clear assumptions about the document layout.
The algorithms that use filtering techniques to make the document regions appear. 
The algorithms that try to identify straight lines.

12. What is the speciality of algorithms in group 2?
They try to adapt to local variations in the document in order to be able to segment a broader range of layouts with the same algorithm.

13. How many subcategories are in group two?
4

14. What are the subcategories of group 2.
The clustering algorithms
The algorithms based on function analysis
The classification algorithms

15. How does algorithms in group 3 overcome the limitations of the previous groups?
They try to overcome the limitations of the other algorithms by combining them or by using artificial intelligence.

16. How do hybrid algorithms work?
The hybrid algorithms combine several other algorithms in symbiosis

17. How do the combination algorithms work?
The combination algorithm combines the results of several algorithms to effectively improve them.

18. How do neural algorithms work?
The neural network algorithms make use of artificial intelligence to automatically learn significant features.

19. What is DMOS
DMOS is a layout grammar language

20. How many algorithms are there of type “projection profiles”
7

21. How many algorithms are there of type “Mathematical morphology”
Six

22. What makes RLSA computationally more efficient?
Replacing the logical AND of RLSA by an OR.

23. What are the most popular type of segmentation algorithms?
 Segmentation based on clustering

24. What features the vast majority of clustering algorithms use?
Geometric Features

25. What are the geometric features that black and white algorithms use?
distance, area, density

26. How does the Pinson and Barret’s algorithm automatically select the appropriate feature?
It selects the first 100 feature vectors of a Principal Component Analysis (PCA) of the character images.

27. How can regions of structured documents be extracted?
By using Gabor (texture) features with a CRF.

28. How many algorithms use color information?
8

29. What binarization technique is usually avoided?
error diffusion (dithering).

29. What are the 3 industry leading benchmarks?
MADCAT by DARPA, RIMES2  A2iA and MAURDOR3 by the DGA.

30. Which one is the most comprehensive benchmark?
MAURDOR. It contains more than 8000 color documents with a complete ground-truth

31. What scripts does the MAURDOR dataset not contain?
Asian or Cyrillic scripts

32. Name one flagship conference in the document analysis community.
ICDAR. 

33. What are the top 5 most studied languages in the document analysis community?
English, German, French, Arabic and Chinese

34. How does segmentation based on filtering algorithms work?
These algorithms usually use specific predefined filters to segment a given type of content. They frequently rely on assumptions that the text lines are straight and/or horizontal.

35. What are geometric features used to compute binary images?
minimum spanning tree between the connected components of the binary image.

36. How has the parallel line regression algorithm been improved?
It was improved by creating queues of horizontal and vertical neighbors of every connected component.

37. Which authors segmented propaganda posters?
Clavelli and Karatzas

39. How can the noise in pixel clustering techniques be reduced?
By using multi-resolution approach

40. What features outperform auto-correlation and co-occurrence texture features?
Gabor texture features.

41. How does function optimization algorithms work?
They usually define a cost or energy function which needs to be minimized.

42. Which algorithm of historical document segmentation falls into the category of texture classification.
Dynamic Multi-Layer Perceptrons (DMLP)

43. What technique is used along with SVM to classify the text as handwritten or typewritten.
Gradient Shape Features (GSF)

44. What does the MADCAT benchmark aim for?
Creating a system to automatically categorize and translate any document into English.

45. What is RIMES?
RIMES is a data set of handwritten letters that has been used for several competitions

46. What datasets are recommended for Historical documents?
St. Gall, Parzival and Washington triptych datasets.

47. Why do classification algorithms require more datasets?
For high dimensionality.

48. What is a versatile document segmentation algorithm?
Algorithm capable of dealing with a wide range of documents.

49. Most evaluations are based on which principles?
False alarms (adding a region), misses (removing a region), merges (two or more regions in one), splits (one region in two or more) and matches (properly segmented region).

50. What improvements are still needed to be made in the field of algorithms for document segmentation?
Improvements in the versatility of the algorithms, their stability and their cross-technique comparison.
